RHDEVDOCS-4080 - Logging Z Stream RNs - 5.3.11, 5.4.5, 5.5.1 (#49579)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-loki-deploy.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> This plugin is only available on {product-title} 4.10 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plug-in is only available on {product-title} 4.10 and later.
```
